WIP: Improve docs metadata and SEO (#768)
alpic-ai/skybridge: docs/api-reference/use-request-close.mdx

---
title: useRequestClose

> description: "Request the host to close MCP Apps views from inside your React app when a user finishes a flow and should return to the conversation."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Request the host to close the MCP Apps view from inside your React app when the user should return to the conversation."
```
